[18449] Remove FASTDDS_STATIC CMake option (#489)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/installation/binaries/binaries_linux.rst

The installer deploys *CMake config* files that simplify to incorporate **Fast-DDS** to any CMake project via
the *find_package* CMake API.

By setting the CMake variable **BUILD_SHARED_LIBS** is possible to choose the desired linkage (dynamic or static
library) in the CMake generator stage.

> If the variable is missing defaults to static linking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the variable is missing the build process will default to static linking.
```

Same comment for Windows
